Luau - The Lib Update/AutoUpdate Suite
--------------------------------------
Web Site: http://luau.sourceforge.net
E-Mail:  <deklund@fastmail.fm>
--------------------------------------

Thank you for downloading Luau!  If you have any feedback, please contact me,
David Eklund, at deklund@fastmail.fm.

First of all, I highly suggest you peruse the Official Luau Whitepaper,
distributed with this package under docs/whitepaper.pdf.  It will give you a
much more thorough introduction to Luau than this document - however, if you
just want a quick gaunt over the important stuff, read on:

INSTALLATION
------------
Standard routine.  However, you will need a couple outside libraries -
specifically:

libcurl
libdb
glib
readline

Most of these are relatively ubiquitous, so hopefully there won't be a problem
finding and installing them (you most likely have most if not all already
installed).

To get rolling, just follow the standard operating procedure:

./configure [options...]
make
make install

After that, you should be good to go.

WHAT IS LUAU?
-------------
Luau is a framework for disseminating software and message updates for software
packages through a decentralized approach.  Individual software developers
provide publically accessible 'updates' files that describe currently available
updates, which is then downloaded by the client software and interpreted to see
if there's anything new the user should be interested in.

An important caveat to note - since Luau works on a decentralized basis, updates
and support for Luau -must- be provided by the individual package maintainer. 
If this is your first time installing Luau, you will almost certainly find when
you run 'luau' or 'luau-x' that there are no updates available because you don't
have any Luau registered programs installed (except for Luau itself, which
registers itself with itself as a Luau registered program - confusing, huh?). 
However, as soon as you download and install any programs that support Luau,
they should automatically become available in the list of registered programs -
and therefore the list of updates which Luau is now capable of receiving.

As the number of project maintainers who support Luau increases, the list of
Luau registered and supported programs will also increase.  At the time of this
release, however, there are very few .  If you like the idea of Luau, I highly 
recommend you ask the maintainers of software projects you use to adopt it.

USING LUAU
----------
There are two utilities provided to you, the user, in order to retrieve these
updates.  The first - and the one you will most likely be most interested in -
is luau-x, which is not provided with this package and must be downloaded
separately (see http://luau.sourceforge.net).  luau-x is the graphical front-end
to Luau and provides the simplest and most fully-featured interface for working
with.  There is also however the simple console-based application - named simply
'luau' - that will provide you with all the basic functionality you need, if not
the same level of usability.  Execute 'luau -h' to see the full spectrum of
options available to you.

Should you ever need to mess with the internal databases of Luau itself,
'luau-register' will provide you with all the utility you need.  It's a
relatively simple application (mirroring the relatively simple layout of the
databases Luau uses) - simply call 'luau-register -h' for more information.

CONTACT INFORMATION
-------------------
Project Maintainer and Head Developer
David Eklund
<deklund@fastmail.fm>

Please e-mail me with any bug reports, feature suggestions, or just general
comments you have.  I'm always open to correspondence.


